Technology doesn't turn organizations into democratic utopias, but it provides some tools that allow them to operate more democratically.
Have co-founders so someone else can worry about the small stuff (vs the big stuff).
Create processes that allow mistakes by the individual, but don’t allow failure at the organizational level.
In the computer age, we still have farmers, blacksmiths and monks, making it easier to live instead of easier to die.
Whenever you throw criticism at another man, it might hurt that man. But it might kill the man you threw it at.
A life without thwarted intrinsic desires is hardly a life at all.
&lt;Something about learning deeply from an obsessed master instead of schools working better like apprentices vs college&gt;
The perception of liquidity incentivizes short term decisions. It’s a real distortion for startups to think that way when they don’t have early adopters.
Stay in the office till all hours.
A data-driven perspective in currencies (PPI) can do more harm than good.
Ideology is a comforting way to escape reality.
Brilliant ideas usually come from the most unexpected places.
Death is when you know you're going to die and you don’t.
It’s hard to realize how aimless and powerless you are as a startup CEO in the early days – you’re not real.
Creativity comes in flashes and often in moments we can’t control. Have faith that you will create under the right circumstances.
Leaders are readers.
Job plans last. Plans to find a job - don't.
Not knowing leads to exploring and discovering, not knowing should inspire rather than worry.
If you’re the fourth guy tricking today, you’ll get a job at Harvard.
Sharpen the separate pieces alone, then assemble them into something new
We could run better companies and still have 4th of July fireworks.
If you know, when you know.
If you see fraud, abuse, cheating, or injustice in your profession, walk away.
If it’s important, measure it. If not, make it.
What Startup Founders And Entrepreneurs Can Learn From The World Of Professional Wrestling
You have two choices: approve or register disapproval.
“Try nothing. Listen.” -- On being an engineer and being in a band.
“The Early Bird’ gets worm, but he’s the one ‘bird’ up all night.
ML is a funny term. We all know ML is just software.
To overcome the fear of death, think about how scared you are of failure, and how you have a greater chance of failing if you do nothing. https://twitter.com/sama/status/
Let others dream. You sleep.
Every company is already hybridized between the physical and the digital.
Our minds aren’t evolved for story boarding, but evolved for survival.
The goal of any startup should be to put psychic revenue on the books in the form of actual revenue.
Not everything needs to change. Sometimes things can stay the same and get faster (This overrides the law of conservation of change).
Starting a business with your friends is like choosing your parents. It can work for some.
Normal career progression isn’t a serial problem; it is a multiple branching tree problem.
I'm of the opinion that the sheer volume of cast-off PCs cheerfully writhing in dumpsters is one hell of an indictment [of] closed or walled-garden software
All time is lost time.
Let the competition gloss over the flaws. And you can just subtract the profit from the wreckage.
A better term for blog is microblog, because it's even shorter than micro- media.
When you start making fire on your own, you will automatically gain respect.
The history of Silicon Valley is one of tolerance, a place where lifestyle diversity is celebrated.
I’d feel lucky if I achieved a zen state once every week, every week I really need it, every week it’s not there I ask why? It takes little to
If you’re going to have to make compromises, make sure you’re operating in an environment where it’s easy.
Let the world tell you what your business should be.
Serial entrepreneurs should start companies more often. Visionary entrepreneurs should start more than one.
We defeated Royalists by printing currency, the same tactics can defeat individualism.
You should start by keeping your eyes on the road and only move your hands and feet.
Do you know about the A/B partition of India? Cool folklore. http://bit.ly/1010keA
Often the paradoxes you have in life are much less important than how you negotiate them. That’s maturity.
Experience in marketing. That’s how we got into this mess.
Experience is the CEO of a Startup. He may be horrible, but he has to get increasing amounts of power.
I’m the CEO of me!
Not really knowing what you're doing is a great blessing because then you can try many things instead of making one.
Asking a startup "what’s your business plan?" is like asking what’s your emergency. It doesn’t matter. #pitchyourstartup
Real startup success comes from talk-to-solve problems, not talk-to-sell ideas.
Everyone knows the definition of a librarian is someone who steals and preserves information.
A ‘startup’ is a company with no customers.
If the CEO doesn’t define the question, it is hard for anyone to solve the problem.
A good life has the quality of short stories, not novels.
People ask “Is fuel cells the future?” Wrong question. Ask yourself, where is the future?
Be not like the donkey who stops to consider whether the carrot in front of him is indeed the most delicious one he's ever seen.


